# TV Series Recommended by Students in 432

Show | Stream? | TEL? | Why Should I Watch? | IMDB | Hours | Genre
:-------------: | :---------: | :-------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--: | :--: | :-----:
[The Big Bang Theory](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0898266/) | Max | All | 1. I like this show because it was created to be funny and for casual viewing. In general my favorite genre is sitcoms because they hardly lead to deep emotional investments. <br /> 2. I enjoy the quirkiness of the characters, especially the main scientist, Sheldon. | 8.2 | 95 | Comedy, Romance
[Game of Thrones](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0944947/) | Max, Hulu | 1-2 eps. | 1. I think George RR Martin is a fantastic writer, this show has so many layers, paying attention to all the characters and how they develop over time. He has beautifully captured the emotions like love, hate, pain ,jealousy and desperation also how each of the characters even the antagonists come out to be who they are. <br /> 2. I like this series because it always keeps you on your toes with unexpected plot twists. Others in the class may also enjoy the twists, but I do not recommend it to those who don't like to see brutality, there is a lot of that. | 9.2 | 70 | Action, Adventure, Drama
[It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0472954/) | Hulu | 1-2 eps. | 1. It's a top-tier comedy with great characters and acting. <br /> 2. The show is pretty ridiculous with its dark humor and satire and probably not great for all audiences, however for those who understand the humor it's pretty great. | 8.8 | 64+ | Comedy
[Modern Family](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1442437/) | Peacock, Hulu | All | 1. The show consists of a wide variety of characters with touching moments and laugh-out-loud humor. <br /> 2. In this TV series, despite each character having their own shortcomings, they frequently embrace others for the sake of family, and that's what really moves me about this show. | 8.5 | 90 | Comedy, Drama, Romance
[Black Mirror](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2085059/) | Netflix | None | I appreciate the concept of this series, consisting of various short stories set in future time points. Despite the advanced technologies described in Black Mirror's stories, it cleverly mirrors contemporary social situations. | 8.7 | 28+ | Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Brassic | Hulu | None | I love British TV. This comedy is really funny, the acting is not bad, and I love the Northern English accents.
Breaking Bad | Netflix | None | I enjoy the show because it is very well written and engaging at all points during the series. The writing of the show is one of the best that I have ever seen for a television series.
Bridgerton | Netflix | 1-2 eps. | The series provides a fun twist between a 1800s Regency setting and modern romance plotlines. The production/set design/costume design are so elaborate and well done to accentuate this twisting of eras.
CSI:NY | Amazon Prime | None | I enjoy detective shows very much, in a way the investigation is similar to solving a medical problem. The actors are also superb and shows set at New York are simply enjoyable. If someone enjoys detective series this will be a good one.
Doctor Who | Amazon Prime | 1-2 eps. | I like the series because I love the storylines involving so many different characters and I think people would like the sci-fi aspect of it as well.
Frasier | Hulu | All | The dialogue is smart and witty and just enough is hidden that even rewatches of the sitcom are enjoyable.
Fringe | Freevee (on Amazon), Max | None | I particularly enjoy FRINGE because it follows in the steps of historical science fiction, being particularly interested in the philosophical implications of scientific advancement (using pseudoscience as the scientific framework, and the ‘what if’ of what it would be like if the pseudoscience were true).  This is done through the framework of a detective show like NCIS, but instead of investigating normal crimes, the detective team investigates crimes involving pseudoscientific advancements.
From | Amazon Prime with MGM+ | None | I love the premise of this show, which is centered around a remote town that people get trapped in where spooky things happen at night. The acting is fantastic, and the story is super interesting!
Gilmore Girls | Netflix | None | I personally love this show and have been watching & re-watching it since I was in high school. The show is about a mother & daughter who live in a small town in Connecticut and are navigating life as the mother had her daughter at 16 and ran away from her wealthy parents. Even though the show sounds a little boring, it's really funny and just overall a comforting show that is great for putting on in the background!
The Good Place | Netflix | All | It raised some interesting ethical and existential questions while also being funny and lighthearted.
Gossip Girl | Amazon Prime, Apple TV | None | I enjoy it because of its excellent fashion sense, and Blake Lively's performance adds to its appeal.
Grey's Anatomy | Netflix | None | I originally enjoyed the show for the romantic drama-centered plot (which others in the class might also enjoy), and now also appreciate the at times hilariously inaccurate medical scenarios.
The Magicians | Netflix | None | Fun to watch, cool magic, and the main characters are grad students.
琅琊榜" (Nirvana in Fire) | YouTube | None | I enjoy this Chinese historical drama because it's a gripping political drama that showcases intelligence, ambition, and unwavering loyalty among friends. The plot is tightly woven, and the characters are well-developed, making it a must-watch for anyone interested in intricate storytelling and the dynamics of power and friendship.
Red-Haired Anne | YouTube | None | It is a heart warming and a wholesome series.
Stranger Things | Netflix | None | This series is appreciated for its blend of adventure, supernatural elements, and 1980s nostalgia. The compelling storyline and well-developed characters make it a hit among a wide range of audiences. Its ability to balance suspense with heartwarming moments is one reason why it might be enjoyable for others in our class.
Suits | Netflix | None | Although the show may seem a bit monotonous, I like it for the sharp dialogues and subtle humor.
Ted Lasso | Apple TV | All | I like the series because it's hilarious but also full of valuable life lessons that we all stand to learn something from.
What Is Fatmagul’s Fault? | Shahid, Amazon Prime | None |  This Turkish series shows how a poor girl can seek a court to gain her right, after being assaulted by four boys from  political rich families. It shows most the complications and solution to those issues. 
The Wire | Max, Hulu | All | Really like this show because it gives a very realistic depiction of inner-city life and crime, and how law enforcement fits into the equation. There's no sensationalizing or tropes, everything is just presented through a very real and unforgiving lens. Really eye-opening and even heartbreaking, I'd say.
